README.md, before:

# VolunMe 

- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [My Project Links](#my-project-links)
  - [Semester Project](#semester-project)
  - [Semester Assignments](#semester-assignments)

## Project Structure

- **`/`**: The source code of your main project
- **`/assignments`**: Results of your semester assignments
- **`/docs`**: If using GitHub for documentation (e.g., your final report in Markdown format)

## My Project Links

### Semester Project

### Semester Assignments

- Link to Assignment 1: [**Assignment 1**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/1_assigment.md)
- Link to Assignment 2: [**Assignment 2**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/2_assignment/2_assignment.md)
- Link to Assignment 3: [**Assignment 3**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/3_assignment)
- Link to Assignment 4: [**Assignment 4**](https://www.figma.com/design/Qot47ee38Ki6eJymclxHXn/VolunMe-Full-design?node-id=0-1&p=f&t=odmWsxBxiPrM3Y1b-0)
- Link to Assignment 5: [**Assignment 5**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/5_assigment.md)
- Link to Assignment 6: [**Assignment 6**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/6_assigment.md)

Live at: https://hci-project-rho.vercel.app/

Commit message:

Add links to production version and final report

README.md, after:

# VolunMe 

- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [My Project Links](#my-project-links)
  - [Semester Project](#semester-project)
  - [Semester Assignments](#semester-assignments)

## Project Structure

- **`/`**: The source code of your main project
- **`/assignments`**: Results of your semester assignments
- **`/docs`**: If using GitHub for documentation (e.g., your final report in Markdown format)

## My Project Links

### Semester Project
- Link to production version: [Production Version](https://hci-project-rho.vercel.app/)
- Link to final report: [Final Report](#)

### Semester Assignments

- Link to Assignment 1: [**Assignment 1**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/1_assigment.md)
- Link to Assignment 2: [**Assignment 2**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/2_assignment/2_assignment.md)
- Link to Assignment 3: [**Assignment 3**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/3_assignment)
- Link to Assignment 4: [**Assignment 4**](https://www.figma.com/design/Qot47ee38Ki6eJymclxHXn/VolunMe-Full-design?node-id=0-1&p=f&t=odmWsxBxiPrM3Y1b-0)
- Link to Assignment 5: [**Assignment 5**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/5_assigment.md)
- Link to Assignment 6: [**Assignment 6**](https://github.com/bornazuzul/HCI-Project/blob/main/assigments/6_assigment.md)

Live at: https://hci-project-rho.vercel.app/
